# VelocityGuard
VelocityGuard is a port of the amazing plugin 
[BungeeGuard](https://github.com/lucko/BungeeGuard) and functions the same way.
VelocityGuard is a pair of plugins that uses the GameProfile of a player to
verify whether a player is connected from a trusted Velocity instance or not.

 * On Velocity, VelocityGuard inserts a special authentication token into
   GameProfile data which, when sent to a backend server will be verified
   when a player attempts to connect.
 * On the backend instance, VelocityGuard listens for players logging in
   and retrieves GameProfile data and verifies the token is not only present
   but is on the list of authorized tokens allowed to connect.

What all of this does is it allows absolutely no one to join (even through a
proxy server) without knowing a correct, authorized token.

## Installation

#### On your Velocity proxies

1. Copy the `velocityguard-proxy.jar` file to the Velocity `plugins` folder
   and then proceed to restart the proxy. 
   
2. Inside the `plugins` folder there should be a new folder called
   `velocityguard`. Open the file called `token.json` inside the
   `velocityguard` folder and copy down the value of `token` (Your token 
   should be 64 characters long).

#### On each of your servers

1. Copy the `velocityguard-backend.jar` file into your `plugins` folder and
   restart the server.

2. Inside the `plugins` folder there should be a new folder called
   `velocityguard`. Open the file `config.yml` inside the `velocityguard`
   folder. 

3. Add the token(s) generated by your proxy(-ies) to the `allowed-tokens` list.
   
   e.g.
   ```yaml
   # Put the allowed authentication tokens in the list below
   
   allowed-tokens:
     - "gpZCEOe9u0p4KKV8Tgf1TxDrE5ZzcOCfs3JunDi82CvRuHQgeCoxKUladkYDTyBb"
   ```

4. Restart the server.
